                                 CatB:
                     Troff -mb Unauthorized Edition

After creating the -mb macro package for troff, I wanted to test it with
a real book.  I also wanted to read «The Cathedral and The Bazaar».  So,
since the Copyright permits, I am doing both at the same time.

The document is distributed with the mb.tmac macro package, which I used
to format the document using troff.

§ Punctuation

Although I did not changed the text, I changed the punctuation.

The ASCII-style double quotes (``…'') were replaced by actual Unicode
double quotes (“…”).  ASCII-style single quotes (`…') were replaced by
actual Unicode double quotes (‘…’).

Em-dashes (—) were replaced by parentheses.  Em-dashes are hard to
distinguish from regular hyphens and, since they have parenthetical
purposes, why not use parentheses?  That seems to be an English thing,
because in my native language parenthesis (the rhetorical artifact) is
marked out by parentheses (the punctuation).

En-dashes (–) were replaced by tildes.  En-dashes mark ranges (as in
1973–1975; but, as em-dashes, they are hard to distinguish from regular
hyphens.  I usually use tildes (~) to mark ranges; so I replaced
en-dashes with them.

Periods (the punctuation) terminates periods (the rethorical artifact
(which corresponds approximately with a whole sentence)).  But modern
typography has this thing in which abbreviations are also marked out
by a period.  Previously, abbreviations were marked by an apostrophe.
Since it is hard (for a computer) to distinguish whether a period is
marking the end of a period or the end of an abbreviation, I replaced
all abbreviation-periods with apostrophes (that's what some writing
systems, such as Hebrew, do (although their apostrophe has other name
(geresh))).

The author uses <emphasis>...</emphasis> to emphasize text.  On paper
and on Browser, emphasized text is often rendered in Italic font.
However, font change is almost impossible to do on a terminal, and is
often ignored.  I avoid doing font-changing for semantical purposes.
However, I'm rendering emphasis in Italic font, as the original.
Particularly, I do emphasis by ALLCAPS (and how do I distinguish
an emphasis from an abbreviation? (with the apostrophe!)).

I also moved the notes from the end of each chapter to the page they are
referred. (So they are now footnotes, no more endnotes).
